okay hey what is going on guys is last
year and it is finally here some other
team of the season the most consistent
golds and silvers and bronzes and also a
team of the week there is impacts as
well I mean this is just the stuff
dreams are made of FIFA people like
myself and you guys so we have some team
of the season players let's just go
ahead and open a bunch of packs I've
gone and got some microsoft point so I
had them for a while actually and I'll
just put them on my account let's just
try and get some blue players shall we
first pack what was that David via he
doesn't sell for anything but 85 rated
to start things off that that that bodes
well I think not bad not bad we'll keep
the contract I've got cleared my
consumables and got everything ready for
all of this so it's just time for me to
absolutely blitz impacts on this market
it is currently 20 / 6 on the day that
it came out so you've seen it obviously
a day later and there's already a lot of
these players on the market people are
going ham on packs man they're just
buying so many these players could
become fairly cheap and just because of
the amount like the card weight is
pretty heavy from what I can tell so far
which is awesome because that means more
of you guys who have slightly less coins
are going to be able to try it out which
is exactly what we want managed awesome
I don't want to fight with coins
although I could as you can see I've got
absolutely tons of coins at the moment
I've pretty much sold literally
everything I just have the bronze teams
which I'll never sell and my silver my
bro Silver's but I'll never sell them
Eva so I've only got the teams which I
never planning on selling at the moment
I've sold all my budget squads all my
expensive squads team of the week
testing you name it they've all been
sold simply so we can save up and buy a
load of these players as soon as
possible I just really want to pull
someone blue today that
be amazing and this guy looks pretty
good nothing from putt from his long
hair does look like a bit of a bell end
if I'm honest but we'll keep like the
squad fitness's the Mahal mark is going
to be crazy right now for you guys like
now's the time like you obviously you
saw the video yesterday which was my
budget squads you'll be able to pick
that up like i think i paid just over
100k fall of those lads but you'll be
out of there for so much cheaper just
people are going to be putting up cards
for crazy crazy little amounts of coins
which is awesome who's this guy he looks
rubbish tommy vee he might sell for a
little bit so put him in the trade pile
a really solid centre-back but there's
so many good players i want to try guys
i mean who is it Diamanti the italian
cam for Bologna I believe it is oh my
god of sin is in gamestats already and
they look so so good so good I really
want to try them out come on let's get
some one blue I mean this ola john from
all accounts he's overpowered and but we
don't we don't want him i'm not going to
keep any of that pack just for the sake
of getting out getting you know getting
rid of the pack and moving on so we get
as many of these in as possible don't
know whether to split this into two
videos just because otherwise it'll be a
bit too long for you guys r delta
wrapped what a player I mean now that
QPR have gone down what do you reckon is
going to happen to this guy do you think
you'll move back to the Premier League
move away from England completely I
don't know what do you think is going to
happen unfortunately it's not going to
sell for much so we'll just discard him
in this case but he is such a god such a
God on this game and we need him back in
the premier league because we need him
on ultimate team next year five style
skills and weak foot I mean we can't go
without to wrap than this game because
he's just so good and I've been used to
come out of today sir alex ferguson
retiring i mean at this point like when
you're watching this it's obviously the
news has been out for a couple of days
but you might even know like future
people you might actually know who has
replaced them currently it looks like
it's going to be David Moyes the current
Everton manager which is awesome I'd
really really love him to get it
because I think like there's three play
there's three managers in the race right
is between David Moyes Jose Mourinho and
Jurgen Klopp the Dortmund manager so
although Klopp is like a really
interesting manager and he's got a lot
of passion stuff for the game I think he
should stay with Dortmund like I just
think that should happen but on the
other hand Mourinho like he's a he's a
born winner so here we probably will
absolutely dominate and there's more of
a chance of like Ronaldo coming back to
man united if Mourinho goes to two man
you so that that could happen but I just
I can't see Mourinho staying for a long
period of time I see it like he's gonna
join stay for three or four years and
then he's gone whereas more david moyes
i think could kind of do like as another
Fergie where he he'll stay there for I
don't know 15 years or something not
quite as long as per you because I
believe Moyes is already fairly old I
guess I'm sure he's in his 50s but I
think Moyes would do the best job and
like people say he may crack under the
pressure a little bit because he sort of
managing Everton at the moment who so
he's done a really fantastic job with
not a lot of money and but United he's
gonna have a lot at his disposal and
people sort of think maybe he won't be
able to cope with all of that so I don't
know what do you guys think I mean
obviously it might have been as I said
it might have already been announced and
stuff or team of the week player Ricardo
Costa is that team of the week who is it
blue oh what a waste oh well we got a
team of the week dude that's not bad
that's not bad i mean he'll probably be
a solid centre-back 89 heading he must
have crazy jumping but he'll be all
right not too bad and can't imagine is
selling for much but you know we got
team in a week you can put that in the
title I probably won't then again I
might who knows and that's that's that's
the luck the luck is here now let's do
this come on just be a blue card
diamonte
hmm i don't recognize that actually was
that those Belgian guy oh yeah I need
him he's in 352 no I would discard him
I've got him in a team that I'm gonna be
doing coming up shortly and it's gonna
like I've already foot head of it it's
already got three blue players in it so
I can't wait to bring you that yeah I
can't wait to use some of these players
I've had a look at the in game stats and
man they are pretty crazy like this I'll
in getting stats these these players
have been given I'm excited because I'm
a big big fan of you guys know I love
all my team it might absolutely
on you from now now and then but it is
it's fun when all these cool players
come out and stuff and obviously there's
a I've got a lot coins so I can actually
buy them would you guys be interested at
any form of player review do you think
maybe that there's just going to be
swamps and swamps of them on YouTube or
would you be interested in my opinion on
some players I'd be I'd be interested if
you guys could leave a comment and that
would be awesome on that just let me
know if if a player review is something
you would like to see I mean I can quite
happily do it i think 4411 might sell
and because I'm i haven't done player
reviews since team of the year when i
did like some of the big blue players
then